# SMRT PIE WebApp - Smart Public Indexes of Engagement - GovHack 2021

This project is the frontend for the SMRT PIE platform. SMRT PIE uses machine learning and automated dataset analysis to help citizens better engage with government. At its core, SMRT PIE is a sophisticated series of machine learning algorithms (the SMRT PIE Engine) that analyses live streams from parliament and generates useful statistics about topics, speakers, and datasets that are discussed, then enriches this data by querying various government APIs. The SMRT PIE WebApp presents the analysis generated by the SMRT PIE Engine to users via a series of easy-to-understand charts, graphs, and visualisations.

## Tech stack

This project is a VueJS web app built using Azure Static Web Apps, supported by two Python APIs, and backed by an Azure Cosmos DB database. The web app makes heavy use of Plotly.js, a Javascript charting tool that generates dynamic, responsive charts and graphs.  

## Data flow

The SMRT PIE Engine analyses parliamentary live stream footage, then combines it with open source government data to generate statistical analysis. This analysis is pushed to a database in the form of JSON objects.

The SMRT PIE WebApp renders in the user's browser, making automated calls to 2 backend APIs. These APIs make calls to the database to retrieve JSON objects created by the SMRT PIE Engine. These JSON objects contain details about the day's parliamentary activity, the user's selected topics, and granular data about those topics. The SMRT PIE WebApp then depicts this data in an easy-to-consume way.  

## Future integrations

In future this web app will have login functionality using Azure Active Directory B2C for authentication. This will enable users to sign in and hence provide more privacy to their profile page. The user can then input basic information (such as their electorate) in order to visualise what their local parliamentarian has been discussing, and which datasets relate to topics in their local area. It will also allow the user to see which topics are of most interest to people living near them.  

